hey i need you to build a website with the following instructions REPUBLIC OF SOUTH SUDAN (RSS) 
OFFICE OF THE PRESIDENT 
BUREAU OF RELIGIOUS AFFAIRS 
THE NON-GOVERNMENTAL ACT 2016 
THE 
CONSTITUTION 
OF 
DESERT STREAM PARTNERS INTERNATIONAL (DESPI) 
Email: timjuel@yahoo.com Website: desertstreamsfaith.org 
Phone No. +211926920011/ +211928181542 
INCORPORATED  TODAY 
THE…………………………………………..2016 
“Behold, I will do a new thing; now it shall spring forth; shall ye not know it? I will even make a 
way in the wilderness, and rivers [streams] in the desert. The beast, dragon, owls…shall honor 
me, because I give water in the wilderness, and river [streams] in the desert to give drink to my 
people, my chosen.” Isaiah 43:19-20 
CONTENT  
Core value 
Statement of Faith 
Mission statement 
Aims and Objective 
Activities of DSP 
People involved 
Desert Streams Partners International (DESPI): Is an indigenous African mission’s agency call out 
through passion for souls with the purpose of glorifying God’s name among the unreached and 
ungospolised people group of Africa and the Muslim world in general. The organization is a faith base 
ministry, which is based on the Biblical absolute with sole dependency on God for sustainability and 
progress God's called is without excuse and repentance, was a statement I received from the Lord at my 
early years of ministry, this is the time and period that the world needs Christ the most. Meanwhile the 
call for world evangelization is now the most challenging task in our contemporary time. Desert 
Streams partners international is called out with a life-giving ministry to reach the spiritual desert of the 
world, so that the world may have life through Christ. 
It is also called out with the burden and determination to reach the world full of spiritual darkness with 
the undiluted gospel of Christ. calling people from many Nations [ethne pan te], races, kindreds, Tribes 
and languages to come to the springs that have it source from Jesus for their salvation, beginning from 
Nigeria to Sudan then to the utmost part of the world.  
DESPI Mission has the vision to reach the unreached, ungospelized and unevangelized through using 
means that is Holistically in bringing them to the Lord and savior. We are called to proclaim God's 
liberty to the poor, hungry, prisoned, destitutes or vulnerable in our African society through Love and 
co-operation with the body of believing churches in the country of endeavors. "For whosoever shall call 
upon the name of the Lord shall be saved."... How then shall they call... How shall they believe... How 
shall they hear... How shall they Preach, except they be sent"... Romans 10:13-15b KJV. 
North and Horn of Africa remains a battlefield and strong hold where the devils have kept bound for 
generation. We believe Now is the time to turn their captivity and reach out with power of the Holy 
spirit as God gives the enablement. 
CORE VALUE: 
God centered: We stand out for God by faith in Christ Jesus to make His name and power shine 
through a spiritual discipleship lifestyle. We believe that through our lives others who wish to be saved 
will also be captivated and turn from evil and wickedness. The believers in Antioch were called 
Christian Not because they posted so many banners around them, but because they lived and acted in 
faith as Christ did; when they were passing, the people around them took notice of their lives and 
characters and then nick name them CHRISTIANS. 
PASSION FOR GOD: When Christ saw the people, he was moved with compassion and decided to 
meet their physical and spiritual needs. The great commission must not become the great Omission in 
our own time; but we need to surrender our totality with passion for the cause of reaching the 
unreached nations with the true selfless gospel proclamation. 
CHURCH-PLANTING AND CHURCH GROWTH STRATEGIES: We believe in both numerical 
advancement and the dynamism of church growth in Africa. This initiative is aimed at extending 
partnership with local believers and existing Churches for leadership development and co-operation. we 
help in developing the spiritual man capacity through discipleship and leadership attainment. 
INTERPERSONAL RELATIONSHIP: In as much as people come from different life background, 
we maintain a mutual respect and cultivate an atmosphere of acceptance in relationship and 
encouragement in order to help each one attain his full potential in Christ. 
SERVANT LEADERSHIP CENTERED: Desert Streams Partners is focusing on enhancing capacity 
building of local leadership and community development of program to enhance spiritual productivity 
in members and partners. This will be achieved through leadership training and workshops. The effort 
put in leadership development is solely biblical, with emphasis on human than of task or project 
centered. 
INNOVATIVE STRATEGY: The creativity in mission enterprise in this contemporary time cannot 
over emphasized due to the increase of knowledge in information technology, which has turned the 
world into a global hamlet, the mission strategies to reach this aspiration must also be in tune with the 
changing times there by calling all missionaries for more sensitivity to unique vision. The desire to 
make the gospel relevant to every human being [the unreached] will surely be actualized through love 
and innovative means. 
STATEMENT OF FAITH 
OUR BELIEVES ARE ON THE BIBLICAL ABSOLUTE. 
God: We believe in one God; the creator of all things eternally existent in three persons: Father, Son, 
and the Holy spirit. 2Cor.13:14, Mathew28:19. We believe and teach about His existence in Creation, 
His existence in the salvation of all mankind through grace in Christ Jesus and we also believe in His 
existence in the birth of the Church and redeeming power in the Holy Ghost. 
The Deity of our Lord Jesus: We believe in our Lord Jesus Christ, His virgin 
birth and His sinless life, divine miracles, vicarious and atoning death on the cross, His bodily 
resurrection, ascension and exaltation, His mediatorial work, personal, imminent and visible and 
personal return in power and glory. He is the savior of all mankind to whom we labor in faith. 
[Mark 10:45; 1 peter 3:18, Luke 24;6,51, 1 thess.4; 16-17, acis24; 15.] 
The Holy Spirit: We believe in God the Holy spirit, who indwells all believers, enabling 
them to live holy lives and to witness and work for the Lord Jesus Christ despite opposition from 
the world the, flesh and Satan. [John14:17, Heb12:14, 1peter1:2; John17:17 
The holy Bible: Which is the fully and uniquely inspired word of God, is the only infallible 
Sufficient and authoritative act of faith and rule of practice. [2Tim 3:16-17; 2Peter 1:21] 
The Salvation: of the lost and the sinful man through regeneration by the Holy spirit. 
salvation is by grace through faith [ john 1;12-13, Acts 13:39] 
Man: we believe that Adam and Eve, created in the image of God, were tempted by Satan 
the god of this world and fell; that their sin has passed to all people, who as a result are lost are 
unable to save themselves from the wrath of God and need to be saved. 
The Church: We believe in the spiritual unity of all true believers in the Lord Jesus Christ 
who comprises the Church- the Body of Christ and the purity of the Church which precludes 
compromise with theological liberalism [1john 2;15-17,2Cor.6; 14-18; Rom12;1-2] 
Resurrection: We believe in the resurrection of both the saved and the lost, they who are 
saved unto the resurrection of eternal life with God, they who are lost unto the 
resurrection of eternal condemnation separated from God. 
The Great Commission: We believe that Christ commanded the Church to go into all 
the world and make disciples of all people, baptizing them in the name of the father, son and the 
holy spirit, teaching those who believe to obey all that Christ commanded. "It is our time 
"Africans" to take this gospel to all nook and crannies of Africa without thinking and depending on 
resources from without... but utilizing the wealth and resources that God has endowed within, 
through great sacrifice and dedication. Remember it is time to make use of the paradigm shift in 
missions’ enterprise". 
We must "Attempt Great things for God and expect Great things from God"... 
William Carey 
MISSION STATEMENTS 
1. Desert Streams Partners International (DESPI) Is committed to human spiritual and Biblical 
development and socio- economics empowerment in Sudan and the upmost part of the world. 
2. DESPl: is also engineered to act as a catalyst in helping African people to realize their potentials, 
become collectively self-confident and self-reliant, this we strongly believe will help the African people 
to develop their own communities with little dependence on foreign support. 
3. We exist to mobilize, assist and equip the African church and encourage the mission movement 
across the North and unreached African nations at large to a higher level of efficiency and effectiveness 
in the proclamation of the gospel and Christian Discipleship. 
AIMS AND OBJECTIVES 
1. To take the undiluted gospel of our Lord Jesus across many African cultures and countries through a 
holistic ministry approach. 
2. To promote, educate and enhance integrated rural development and sustainability. 
3. To encourage Church growth strategy and Spiritual formation through discipleship and mission 
training. 
4. To reach out to destitutes and vulnerable in Sudan through empowerment and rehabilitation exercise. 
5. To liaise with and maintain a good working relationship with the national churches and mission 
organization for the purpose of encouraging world evangelization. 
6. To synergize and co-ordinate missions’ awareness program among national Churches in the countries 
of endeavors. this will help to recruit, train and sent out African missionaries to preach and plant New 
Testament Churches were none exist. (the Joseph project). This project will help to improve the 
agricultural standard of the land. we shall be involved in community own programs on Afforestation, 
where good economic trees can be given to communities to plant in order to improve their livelihood. 
8. To incorporate and inculcate partnership in leadership development and manpower development 
through capacity building exercise. 
9. To plant, establish and sustain a formidable Church cells group (house fellowship, community Bible 
studies group, and indigenous Churches that will in turn reach out to others without external 
interference, planting viable Churches that are to be self-governance, self-propagating and self
sponsorship respectively. 
10. To promote vocational and skill acquisitions program for women and youths especially through 
formal and informal education and capacity building. 
Commit to the Lord whatever you do, and your plans will succeed" prov.16:3 
1.) Ministry and Leadership training program [MLTP]: This is a capacity building program aimed 
at enhancing the potential of Christian leaders in Sudan and beyond. This Training program is also 
categorized into sub training program for spiritual maturity. 
A. Mission Exposure and Jesus lifestyle training [MEJET]: We educate on Biblical absolute, 
impartation of ministry skills and practical life transformational discipleship. Which is consider under 
three training modeling and philosophy [Know, Do and Be]. The transformational cycle of this training 
has to do with three dimensional changes. 
1. THE HEART: Our hearts can be changed as we come to understand "the mission of God which 
fucuses on the Bible and the teaching about Gods missions, that is the desire of God for all the 
people of the world to know Him. 
2. PERSPECTIVE: We also need to have a clear perspective on the world in which we live. "the 
world God loves". 
3. ACTION: We also need practical strategies that help us translate godly hearts and global 
perspective into effective action. we desire to use this training to bring transformation in the life 
of people in Sudan and beyond. 
B. Strategic Discipleship training: This is a strategic exposure to the life of Christ through life and 
Christian Character modules. It is strategic because of the set of people involved. The people expected 
for this training program are church lay leaders, new converts and MBBS. It’s also strategic because it 
helps in the community empowerment and skill acquisition program. 
{2} Literacy Evangelism Training [LET]: This is aimed at bringing the believers in Christ through a 
literacy development skill as an effort to combat poverty in Africa, it is a grass root exposure to 
firsthand knowledge through reading and writing skills. We provide incentives to all participants to be 
self-reliant and we also train them on the Community Awareness Against HIV/AIDs, Pandemic 
(CAAHAP). 
{3} DAUGHTERS OF DESTINYDOD]: This is another strategic activity of DESPI, which is 
specially designed to reach out to special people in Sudan and beyond. these special people include the 
Commercial sex workers, vulnerable Children and people living with HIVIAIDs. We carry on special 
and intensive Discipleship Training for them, we rehabilitate them, we Strategically evangelize them 
through Love and care project. [LOVCAP]. 
DOD Is a non- governmental and nonprofit mercy ministry which is aimed at restoring the dignity of 
womanhood and humanity at large. it is a holistic community development program that is helping in 
equipping the vulnerable with special incentives for ministry. 
Programs of DOD: 
Includes: On site Strategic Evangelism (OSSE), counselling, Awareness, comprehensive Bible 
expositions, Deliverances, Agape Exposure Retreat (AER), reassurance and rehabilitation efforts and 
lastly Mission exposure and Jesus Lifestyle Training. (MEJET). 
{4}. MOBILIZATION AND AWARENESS: Our concern is to sensitize, mobilize and spur the 
Churches in Sudan to be motivated for the task of evangelizing the remaining unreached people group 
in Sudan and beyond, this will be actualized through workshops, seminars and other related capacity 
building trainings. This will involve key leaders in the Sudan Council of Churches. 
{5}. COMMUNITY DEVELOPMENT AND HUMANITARIAN PROJEOCT: We empowered and 
demonstrated a community base project through special training program on Discipling for community 
development. It is a community base training program that is aimed at encouraging a grass root 
community development and harmonizing the great commandment and the great commission together 
by bringing every community to Gods plans and intents. 
{6}. FORMAL AND INFORMAL EDUCATION: We in the Desert Streams partners are fully 
equipped in the area of establishing of formal and informal grass root education as part of our 
community and rural empowerment. The program is aiming at improving the standard of education 
among the people of Sudan and beyond. We shall develop an educational resource center for rural 
women including skill acquisition for women, less privileged, Children and youths. Through our 
educational programs many Children and less privileged in Sudan shall be empowered to any 
educational level through scholarship and empowerment schemes program and through direct 
impartations. 
{7}. COUNSELLING AND MENTORING: The ministry is aiming at improving the standard and 
quality lifestyles of people in Sudan and beyond, we shall develop a resource center where many 
spiritual, medical and psychological materials will be kept for the purpose of helping our counselling 
effort and spiritual mentoring. e.g. spiritual and psychological counselling of people living with 
HIVIAIDs, People who are traumatize, i.e. the heart broken, Isaiah 58:6-8 61:1, to mentor young men 
and women through life and character impartation, by organizing one to one mentoring, group 
discussion and special seminars for mentorship [SSM]. 
{8}. THE CARMEL APPROACH: This is a special program for evangelizing a community, using the 
known to the unknown approach. We believe that no matter how responsible a person is, he can only 
give to someone what is at his disposal not what he does not have or possess. The CARMEL approach 
is gearing toward blessing all nations with the blessings of God through in dept knowledge of God’s 
love. Genesis 12:1-6 
{9}. THE TREASURE PROJECT: This is a special kind gift for the Arab speaking nations, where the 
God's story from the Tourat to lnjil were disclose in classical Arabic language. It’s also include the New 
Testament Bible and Audio Yeshu,a Film in a solar portable device that is cost effective and non
implicative. We desire to place this device to the hands of more than 50,000 Arabs and Muslim leaders 
and in more than 20 Arabs countries before the year 2015. 
{10}. FOOD AND RELIEF MATERIALS: This is another mercy effort in our quest to supplement 
the global effort of reaching with the firsthand relief materials to internally displaced person and 
refugees who have been affected due to war or any natural disaster within the countries of our 
operation. 
The project will be based on the leading to God when need arises and when the Lord himself opens the 
doors to extent the hand of His mercy to the desperate world. we will always liaise with other 
organizations to actualize this aspiration. We intent to supply food stuff, temporary shelters, Mobile 
Clinic and water supply in areas affected.   
We would be grateful for the opportunity to discuss this partnership further at your convenience. Please 
feel free to contact me by phone or email, or to let us know a suitable time for a meeting. 
Thank you for considering this request. We look forward to the possibility of walking together in 
ministry. 
Yours in Christ, 
Apostle Timothy Y. Fwans 
Founder 
DESPI MISSIONS 
“Vineyard of Christ”  that is the whole data and below is a more refined data DESPI Missions
Home
About
Mission
Programs
Contact
Desert Stream Partners International (DESPI)
Bringing the living water of Christ to the spiritual deserts of Africa and beyond. We are an indigenous, faith-based mission dedicated to evangelism, discipleship, community development, and church-planting among the unreached.

Partner With Us Learn More
Who We Are
Desert Stream Partners International (DESPI) is a faith-rooted African mission agency devoted to spreading the gospel to unreached peoples, especially within the Muslim world and remote African regions. We believe deeply in Christ’s command to make disciples of all nations and commit ourselves wholly to community transformation, church planting, and holistic outreach.

Core Values
God-Centered Living: Reflect Christ through discipleship and holy living.
Passion for God & People: Demonstrate compassion through spiritual and physical ministry.
Church Planting & Growth: Partner with local churches for leadership development and evangelism.
Respect & Relationship: Honor every individual’s background with love, acceptance, and unity.
Servant Leadership: Focus on people, not projects — develop leaders biblically.
Innovative Mission Strategy: Use relevant, creative means to reach modern communities.
Statement of Faith
God: One God in three Persons — Father, Son, and Holy Spirit.
Jesus Christ: His virgin birth, atoning death, resurrection, and return.
The Holy Spirit: Indwelling believers, enabling holy living and service.
The Bible: Inspired, infallible, authoritative Word of God.
Salvation: By grace through faith in Christ alone.
Humanity: All people are fallen and need redemption.
The Church: The unified Body of Christ, called to truth and purity.
Resurrection: Eternal life for believers; eternal separation for the lost.
The Great Commission: Make disciples of all nations, baptizing and teaching obedience.
Mission & Objectives
Our Mission
Promote spiritual growth, biblical discipleship, and socio-economic empowerment in Africa.
Empower African communities for self-reliance, dignity, and sustainable development.
Mobilize and equip the African Church for outreach, discipleship, and missionary work.
Our Aims & Objectives
Proclaim the gospel across African cultures through holistic ministry.
Promote rural development and community sustainability.
Strengthen church growth through discipleship and leadership training.
Support vulnerable communities and destitute individuals.
Partner with churches and mission organizations toward world evangelization.
Coordinate mission awareness, recruit, train and send indigenous missionaries.
Support agricultural development and environmental stewardship.
Build local leadership capacity through structured training.
Plant self-sustaining, self-propagating churches.
Provide vocational training and empower women and youth.
Programs & Activities
Ministry & Leadership Training (MLTP)
Capacity-building to equip Christian leaders for ministry and spiritual maturity.

Mission Exposure & Jesus Lifestyle Training (MEJET)
Teaching biblical mission, discipleship, and effective outreach methods.

Strategic Discipleship Training
Developing believers’ character, faith, and ministry skills.

Literacy Evangelism Training (LET)
Empowering individuals with literacy and providing community awareness (e.g. HIV/AIDS education).

Daughters of Destiny (DOD)
Mercy ministry reaching vulnerable women, children, and individuals in need of care and rehabilitation.

Mobilization & Awareness
Engaging churches through workshops, seminars, and training for mission outreach.

Community Development & Humanitarian Projects
Grassroots outreach including health, livelihood, disaster relief, and community empowerment.

Education & Skills Training
Formal and informal education, vocational training, and scholarships to uplift communities.

Counseling & Mentoring
Spiritual and emotional support, trauma care, and mentorship for vulnerable individuals.

The Carmel Approach
Culturally relevant evangelism using familiar community contexts to share God’s love.

The Treasure Project
Outreach to Arabic-speaking nations through scripture distribution via solar-powered media devices.

Food & Relief Ministry
Emergency relief including food distribution, water, shelter, and basic medical support.

Contact Us
Email: _____________________

Phone: _____________________

We welcome partnerships, volunteering, and support. Reach out to us — we’d love to connect and walk together in ministry.

“Commit to the Lord whatever you do, and your plans will succeed.” — Proverbs 16:3

© 2025 Desert Stream Partners International (DESPI) — All rights reserved. so build it with the following recommendations overall choice of color should be blue green and white, the home page should contain a scaffold of almost all the pages the hero section should contain a floating navbar with a background image then head to about section etc....